<<<<<<< HEAD
com/example/projetoam2/databinding/ReceivedBinding.java
 com.example.projetoam2.databinding.ReceivedBinding
com/example/projetoam2/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.projetoam2.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/projetoam2/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.projetoam2.BuildConfig
com/example/projetoam2/databinding/SentBinding.java
 com.example.projetoam2.databinding.SentBinding
com/example/projetoam2/databinding/UserLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.projetoam2.databinding.UserLayoutBinding
com/example/projetoam2/databinding/ActivityListarPerfisBinding.java
 com.example.projetoam2.databinding.ActivityListarPerfisBinding
=======
com/example/projetoam2/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.projetoam2.BuildConfig
com/example/projetoam2/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.projetoam2.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/projetoam2/databinding/FragmentCalendarioBinding.java
 com.example.projetoam2.databinding.FragmentCalendarioBinding
com/example/projetoam2/databinding/UserLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.projetoam2.databinding.UserLayoutBinding
>>>>>>> Rui
com/example/projetoam2/databinding/ActivityChatBinding.java
 com.example.projetoam2.databinding.ActivityChatBinding
com/example/projetoam2/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.projetoam2.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
com/example/projetoam2/databinding/ItemTextMessageBinding.java
 com.example.projetoam2.databinding.ItemTextMessageBinding
>>>>>>> Rui
com/example/projetoam2/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.projetoam2.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/projetoam2/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.projetoam2.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
<<<<<<< HEAD
com/example/projetoam2/databinding/FragmentDashboardBinding.java
 com.example.projetoam2.databinding.FragmentDashboardBinding
com/example/projetoam2/databinding/ActivitySplashScreenBinding.java
 com.example.projetoam2.databinding.ActivitySplashScreenBinding
com/example/projetoam2/databinding/FragmentNotificationsBinding.java
 com.example.projetoam2.databinding.FragmentNotificationsBinding
=======
com/example/projetoam2/databinding/FragmentPerfilBinding.java
 com.example.projetoam2.databinding.FragmentPerfilBinding
com/example/projetoam2/databinding/ActivitySplashScreenBinding.java
 com.example.projetoam2.databinding.ActivitySplashScreenBinding
>>>>>>> Rui
